Hi, welcome back. In this week,
you learn about some best
practices for building
a machine learning model that is
worthy of a production
deployment.
One of my friends,
Adam Cotes joke that
the way he listened to me
give advice to machine
learning teams,
he felt the way I get advice was
quite consistent from
project to project,
so that he could
almost replace me with
an if then else
sequence of statements.
I found too when several senior
machinery engineers
look at the project,
the advice they tend to give
is also remarkably consistent.
What you learned in this
week is whether some of
the key challenges
of trying to build
a production-ready
machine learning model,
things like how do you
handle new datasets?
Or what if you do
well in the test set,
but for some reason,
that still isn't good enough
for your actual application?
I hope that after this
week's materials,
you'll be able to
very efficiently
know how to improve your
machine learning model,
to solve the most
important problems
that then make it
deployment's ready.
Let's dive in. This week,
our focus will be on
the modeling part of
the full cycle of a
machine learning project,
and you learn some suggestions
for how to select
and train the model,
and how to perform
error analysis,
and use that to drive
model improvements.
One of the themes you hear me
refer to multiple times is
model-centric AI development
versus data-centric
AI development.
The way that AI has grown up,
there's been a lot of emphasis on
how to choose the right model,
such as maybe how to choose
the right neural
network architecture.
I found that for
practical projects,
it can be even more
useful to take a more
data-centric approach,
where you focus not just on
improving the neural
network architecture,
but on making sure
you are feeding
your algorithm high-quality data.
That ultimately lets you be more
efficient in getting your
system to perform well.
But the way I engage in
data-centric AI
development is not
to just go and try to
collect more data,
which can be very time-consuming,
but to instead use
tools to help me
improve the data in the most
efficient possible way.
You'll learn some ways for
how to do that in this week.
I'm excited to go through
this week's materials with
you on training models.
But first, let's look at
some key challenges that
many fields face when building
machine learning models.
By understanding
these key challenges,
you'd be better able to
spot them ahead of time,
and adjust them more
efficiently for your projects.
Let's go on to the next video.